Hey, good morning family, how are y'all
doing today? Well, I have some things on
my heart that the Lord has shown me, and
I'm excited about this. He started
talking to me about the outpouring of
His Spirit again—a major change coming, a
major—I'm
going to say it's like the
tipping of the waterfall again.
And the things that the Lord is talking
to me about, I saw a door, a massive door,
and it was a white door, a beautiful
painted white door, but on this door
there was purple, there
were
swirls of different—like the glory of
what I want to call the Shekinah Glory. It
looked like mist, and it was covering
this door, but it was beautiful.
The colors, the pinks and stuff, the
clouds are in front of it and behind. In
the door frame behind the door was like
a dimension.
Okay, and in that dimension behind it was
the glory, and I could see the light
coming through the cracks of the door.
It was shining through that door
on the cracks, and I could see like
it was just trying to bust
through—the
glory of God was trying to bust through
this door. And behind it was the
same, which was amazing. I
don't know how else to describe this.
Behind it was the same dimension as the
front side, but
it was like a door that was standing
all alone, but it was a door that you
could open up to it. And I had
to say it like this, but this is a way I
can try—I'm trying to paint a picture
for y'all like The Lion, the Witch and the
Wardrobe, how there was a
closet and they walked through the
closet and they could go through the
other dimension into Narnia.
So that's kind of like what I saw. It was a door that was like
a passage, but on the other side
of it, without opening the door, He was
walking through the dimension. It was
still in the same dimension because on this
side I could see the pink and all the
beautiful stuff again. But the Lord said
to me, 'Everything is about to change, for
in this space of time you've hit
this where we are.'Help me, Holy
Spirit.
He said, 'This dispensation of time is
coming to an end.'That's what He was
saying to me and where we are in it.
And I saw Adam's lease coming up again.
It was
up, and we were going into another space
of time. And He said to me, during Rosh
Hashanah
this week—this week is an amazing
week because this is the beginning
on the second, which is in two days, the
beginning of Rosh
Hashanah,
which goes into the third and I
believe the fourth, at whenever the
new moon and all that is. I
believe—I'm
not going to quote right
because I am not a Jewish
scholar—but
I'm just saying this is what I've seen.
So He said, 'This time frame is the
beginning of the new
creative miracles, that we have hit a
time and space that we've hit a time
in
history where Adam's lease
is
coming up, that we are getting ready for
the great outpouring and we're going
home.'We're
getting ready to go home. I
saw the glory behind this door and I saw
the door was going to open. And He said,
'In a 24-hour period, everything will
change. Everything that you know,
everything that you've ever known up
until this point in human history,
everything will change like a light switch.'He said, 'Brandon, it's going to be like a light
switch
that
flips on.'He said that time frame is
coming to an end, what we've seen, and He
said, 'You're coming into a new time frame,
and you're going to cross and
you're going to go through this
door.'And
I saw the glory again upon the bride,
upon the body, in a way that is
huge. We think we've seen stuff
in the
past—revivals,
demonstrations, and
manifestations of the glory, outpourings
of when Azusa Street happened. You
know, there was a prophetic word that was
given over a hundred years ago
now that said that there
would be another revival like Azusa in
a hundred
years that would be bigger
than what happened at
Azusa,
and it's been going on 120-some years
now. But He said they didn't quite say
it was going to be a hundred years, it would be
in a hundred-year time frame. Well, we're in 120
years. In two years, I believe, we're in
that time frame of that prophetic word
that was given. So here we are at the
last of the last. I'm telling you all,
Jesus is coming and the sun is
going down on this dispensation
of grace. And I saw the devil petitioning
again for his seven-year tribulation. And
I saw he had a—this time he had a black
cloak on. It was a massive black cloak,
and he was moving around very
sneaky and just evil, the way he was
moving. And he is lurching around,
kind of like Snow White and the Seven
Dwarfs whenever that old witch was
there and she had that black cloak on.
That's the way the devil
looked. But he was going and I saw him go
and he was talking to the Pope, which I
think is just a wow, but he was talking
to the Pope, influencing the Vatican and
the church in Rome. Because I
was like, 'What is that all about?'But I
saw the devil trying to go and influence
and talk to the Pope in the Vatican and
he was speaking to him. I don't
even know if the Pope knew he was being
talked to, but he was. He was talking
to the Pope, and
I saw the Pope and he
had
his white beanie
on—his
head thing—and he was looking
down. But the devils were
standing behind him trying to influence
him, talking to him. And then I saw Italy
and I saw cracks all in the soil
again with like lava and fire all over
Italy again. I saw fire and it was like
the earth was splitting,
like from an earthquake, remember? And I
warned you all about a volcano that the
Lord told me to intercede in behalf of
Italy, that there would be a lot of
people perish because of a tsunami
in the water and because of volcanic
activity. I told you this about a year
ago. And when I was
interceding, I saw the angels coming out
of the sky and they were warning the
people and waking them up. And there was
a mist, like a
canary in the coal mine. I told you all
about the canary in the coal mine and it
was on the perch and it fell over
dead, and there was a gas coming up
out of the ground. And I saw
like a mist, a fog over the land over
this town in Italy, and it was on
the coastline. And the
angels were warning the people and they
were coming out, and I saw a portal open
up over Italy.
If
anybody who's followed this channel for
a while remembers this, that I warned
about this and we were interceding for
Italy that this major earthquake would
not take place and destroy a lot of
people. I saw 300,000 people perish. And
so
I saw that again. I saw Italy
splitting open, I saw fire coming up out
of these cracks, and I thought it was
interesting. But I saw the Pope being
influenced by a demon, by the devil,
and he was talking to the devil. And
so I saw in this time frame where we are
in eternity and the Lord was telling
me, He said, 'Brandon, we are at that
sliver of
time.'And
He said, 'And you know when the Bible
says a day is a thousand years to the
Lord, a thousand years is as a day,
right?'So
I saw thousand, thousand,
thousand, thousand—clear to the beginning of
time the Lord showed me. And I'm
telling you, I had an experience of the
Lord beyond anything I've been
able to ever tell you all, and I've told
you all some amazing experiences. But
this experience that I had with the Lord
was beyond anything I've ever
seen before. It was
like—to
say it shook me—it
was
beyond saying it. My son and my
wife, they recorded it; they were here
for it. And I'm not going to go into a
lot of it because a lot of the word that
was given when I had this visitation
about four or five days ago
was so intense because
He was speaking to me directly. And so a
lot of it is not for the public.
But in this, He showed me Adam's lease,
He showed me the door like I'm talking
about, He showed me where we are in
time again, and He took time
on a thin
line, a thread, and He spread it out by
every thousand years. And He took me
through
time and it was way out there, but
I could see from the beginning
whenever He spoke the world into
existence. I saw Adam walking the earth, I
saw Noah and the flood. He took me to
each one and how they were milestones in
history. And I saw each thing,
from the Roman Empire to the Ottoman
Empire,
He showed it to
me. But each thing was divided up into a
thousand years, and then a thousand years
would divide up into a hundred years, and
then it went down to ten years, to a
decade. And He showed it out, it was on a
timeline. And He took me
through the timeline in space with Him,
traveling to where we are right now,
ladies and gentlemen. And I'm telling you,
Jesus Christ is getting ready to
come back, and He's coming back for not a
busted and disgusted church, He's coming
back for a glorious church. He's coming
back for a church that's on fire for Him.
He is looking and yearning for His
bride. And I'm telling you, it's time
to get more serious than you've ever
been before, for where we are in
time—time
is up, one last call. He said,
'Remember, where we are right
now,'He
said, 'Brandon, I can
control
time.'And
He showed me where
Adam's lease and everything was up, but
there was a sliver right here in between,
like a couple of seconds, like a
couple minutes—you know what
I'm saying—like it was a long
enough time for Him to have His revival
and be able to bring in a harvest of
souls. He said, 'Because I have never been
defeated nor will I ever be.'He said,
'I will not allow
you to run back and be afraid of what
the devil is doing.'He said, 'You are to
put on your armor and be strong in the
Lord in the power of His might.'It's time
for us to be like the Davids. And He said,
'There's a lot of people, Brandon, that are
tired—the
older generation, they're
tired and they're ready to come
home.'And
He said, 'Allow that to happen.
If they're ready and they want to come
home and they're satisfied,
they can come
on home. But I will not allow my church
to be defeated.'He said, 'They will be
victorious on the way out.'He said, 'The
seeds that you've sowed in the past will
come to harvest at last.'And He said,
'That's not even about the bad seeds,
Brandon, that the wicked have
sowed.'He
said, 'I'm a God of the harvest. I'm going
to bring in financial harvest beyond
anything you can comprehend. There will
be decamillionaires in the near
future.'He
said, 'Brandon, there will be a transfer of
the wealth from the wicked like it was
when the children of Israel left
Egypt.'He
said, 'I will bring forth a harvest of
finances on my children
as a sign and a wonder in these last
days.'I
saw a group of people rising up
that were—and I didn't even know what
the word decamillionaire was.
I'm telling y'all, I'm not a
real educated person, and
I had told my wife, 'This is
what the Lord used.'I said, 'He said
decamillionaire. What is a
decamillionaire?'I
said, 'Can we Google
it?'So
she Googled it and said, 'Honey,
it's above ten million
dollars.'Anybody
who has above a ten million
dollar—the
Lord said that there is tons of seed in
the ground that's coming to pass and
there's harvest that's coming for His
bright people. He has not forgotten those
seeds; those seeds have lied
dormant in the ground and they're going
to spring forth now. It's time for the
seeds that you
sowed—financial,
sacrificial seeds—that God said, 'I'm
going to breathe on those seeds and I'm
going to bring a harvest to you
now.'It's
time. He said, 'Brandon, do not let go of
the seeds you've sacrificially sowed. Do
not let go of the sacrificial time that
you've
given.'He
said,
'Brandon, I'm bringing
forth great joy, I'm bringing forth great
harvest.'He
said, 'Days of Heaven on Earth,
fun days are coming for my body. It's not
a time to be woe-is-me. Oh gosh, we
got to go and hide in the caves. It's
time to rise and shine for the light
has
come and the glory of the Lord is risen
upon you.'And I'm telling you, the Lord
showed me a financial harvest. People
ask,
'Why do we need that if we're going to heaven?'If
you
don't want yours, I'll take
it for you. If you don't want your
financial harvest and what God's wanting to
do for you, that's fine; just put it all
over there and give it to somebody who
will use it for Him. You know, people get
all bent out of shape, 'Well, I
don't want to do—I want to just go to
heaven.'We're
going to go
victorious. We're going to go with our
heads held high. We're not cowering down
because the devil's taking ground. He
said, 'Brandon, the problem is that the body
of Christ has been
off-kilter.'He
said, 'They've tried to
demasculinize
the men of the church by making
them metrosexual, feminine like'—He called
them
limp-wristed.
He said, 'It's time for my men to
get a backbone like
David did in the Bible,
and they're mighty men of war.'And He said,
'If you want to take the land, son, you've
got to have some testosterone to you.
You've got to have some
manpower
behind you. You can't be this
passive, seeker-friendly—well, you know,
whatever will be, will be.'He said, 'You've got
to be a warrior in the Kingdom. You've
got to take your sword and your
shield like David did and go and take
the land.'You know, He showed me, He
said how it was with Moses. They said
to Joshua and Caleb,
'The giants make us like
grasshoppers,'and
they had a whole
generation die off before they were able
to do something. And He said, 'Brandon, if I
have to do that again, I can do it.
But I know there is
a
generation—I'm
talking about us—we're not going to
have to pass it and let a lot of people
go home like they did in forty years. We
don't have forty years, ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus is coming.'But it was just
an
illustration of what He's talking
about—raising
up Davids, raising up the
ones that would take the land and
taking the land back
for Him, being bold about our faith, being
bold about laying hands on the sick and
casting
out devils. Freely we've been given,
freely we give it out, sharing the
good news with the people for this last
harvest. And if Jesus Christ could come
back tomorrow, I'm just saying—you know,
I'm always expecting—but go
with your head held high, go with a
fight to you, have a backbone about who
you are and take the land for Jesus.
That's what I'm talking about. And that's
what He showed me, that He never
designed us for fear. And He said to me,
'Where in my word have you ever
heard me tell you to be afraid of what's
coming?'He
said,
'Never.'In
Joshua 1:9, He said to me, 'Be
strong and of good courage, for I the Lord
your God am with you wherever you
go.'Now,
I may have not said that exactly right, but
you can look it up yourself. But
I'm just saying, He was saying, 'I want you
not to be afraid.'He said, 'Brandon, there is a
shaking coming, there is a storm that is
coming upon your shores, and it will
shake everything
that you've ever known, ladies and
gentlemen. It will change within a 24-hour
period. It's going to change and it will
be that quick of a change. It would be
like a light switch being flipped on.'He
said
it would
be bigger than 9/11. It's going
to be such a humongous event that
will change everything that
quick. But He started talking to me about
not being afraid. He said, 'That's not your
focus. Your
focus is off. You're focusing on the
storm. You're focusing
too much on what's coming.'He said, because I was
asking Him—I was praying, you know,
getting off
in the flesh—and I was like, 'Oh Lord, I'm
praying for the election, praying for
Donald Trump, praying for this stuff, and
oh God, you know what happens if
the people don't get
out and vote?'And I was just worrying and
fretting about it.
He said, 'Brandon, Brandon, Brandon,
I've got this. I've got this. Like,
chill, dude.'And I'm like, you
know, in my heart I'm going, 'The sky is
falling, I've got to pray for the nation
America.'That's
why He's like, 'Chill, chill,
Brandon. I've got
this.'Ladies
and gentlemen, He's got
this. The sky isn't falling even
though
we look at all the stuff
going on around us and we think, 'Well,
Lord, do you not see all the things
going on?'Israel's at war. He showed me
major war breaking out in Europe again. I
saw a major thing happening in Europe
and He told me, 'This is going to
be coming, you need to pray over
this.'And
I prayed over it, you know, about the
war escalating in Europe. And
He's just warning me about these
things that I'm telling you all about,
but He said, 'Where is it ever to be
afraid about any of it?'It's not for you
to
ever hide in a hole about it; it's
for you to know and be prepared
and warn the body so that you all can
pray. And some of it, people say, 'Well,
can we change it?'Some of it we can, some
we can't. And I'm going to say a lot
of this we probably can't because I'm
telling you, He's
coming. The sun is setting on this
dispensation and where we are, and Jesus
is getting ready to come back for His
church. But I saw Adam's lease coming up. And
I'll
be real with y'all, I don't know
where it's at in the Bible. I asked Him,
'Lord, show me,'and I've been
trying to find where it talks about
Adam's lease because He brought it up to
me. And I said, 'Lord, where does it talk about
that?'Because
I'm
telling you, I'm not a Bible scholar. I'm
just getting these
things from the Holy Spirit and I
try to weigh it out with people who are
educated in the Word, but I don't have
a lot of people around me that are
Bible scholars.
But
He talked to me about
Adam's lease being up and I was like, 'Wow,
Lord, this is interesting.'But He started
talking to me about
how everything was... I
don't know, I'm not going to get into all
that. I saw a lot about it and
it was a wow. I talked to my wife about
it, we talked about it, and I said, 'Babe,
this is what the Lord
said.'And
the light was so strong when He appeared,
it was so strong that it was
brighter than the noonday sun at its
fullest.
The light that I saw when He
appeared this way was so bright that I
thought it was going to burn me up. And I
said, 'Lord, you're going to have to turn
it down or it's going to consume
me.'And
He took Himself behind
the cliff of this thing and I could see
the light—He shielded Himself
with the light so that it would not burn
me up in the spirit. It was so bright
that it shielded, and the light was
shining so bright on the other side of
this shield that I could
barely glimpse at it.
But inside of this, this
dove came out of that light and there
was an olive branch in the dove's
beak with the beautiful olive leaves on
it. And it came out and it was flapping
its wings coming out of that light, and
it came over me. It was
glory. And what I'm trying to tell you
all—I
give you bits and pieces of
things—but
I'm trying to tell you all
a little bit of something that He showed
me. And we are out of
time. Jesus is coming and you better get
your house in order. It's time to get
bold and on fire for God like you've
never seen before. It's time to
arise and shine for the light has come.
It's time for you to be serious about
the Father's
business, for He's
coming. Are you ready for the soon return
of the Lord Jesus
Christ? For this dispensation of grace is
coming to an end, ladies and gentlemen,
and we're about to get ready to go into
the
seven years of tribulation. But the
thousand-year
reign—He
has such a plan for each and
every single one of
you. We will see creative
miracles, we will see blind eyes open,
we will see dead men walk again, we will
see the things that we've
always desired to see. And thought, 'Is it
possible?'But
I'm trying to tell you all
things are possible to him that believes,
and a great move of the Spirit of God is
right on
us. It's right here. And I want my wife—she's
here—to
read some of the testimonies, just to
stir you up, just to get you excited
about what's coming, about the miracles
that took place at Azusa Street. We've
been reading that book, and I told her,
'Read it to me again, read it to me
again.'Because
faith cometh by hearing,
and hearing by the Word of God. And this
is not the Word of God, but this is
something that God did in the past. And
we read the Bible, but she reads
these testimonies to me to show me,
'Brandon, it's happened once and He's going
to
do it
again.'There
is a
great outpouring, a great harvest of
souls. I'm telling you, He's the Lord of
the harvest. 'Hi everybody, I'm just
reading a couple of miracles from
the true stories of the miracles of
Azusa
Street... and there was—this is just
one of the testimonies...
these were just people
that were there that God used
to
do healings
and miracles.'And what we
thought was cool, though, babe, was that
a lot of these were young
people. They were in the 18, 19, 12-year-olds—and
21-year-olds—but
no,
a lot of these people were not old
people. They were all young people.
I'm talking about being young Davids,
being on fire with no fear. And
I look back at what He did at
Azusa, and
we're reading—she's reading about—she
goes, 'Brandon,
another 18-year-old, another
21-year-old,
another 12-year-old, another 15-year-old,
16-year-old
was doing
creative miracles, praying for people
that needed a limb or eyes or
whatever.'It
wasn't like, 'Well, this guy was a
seasoned veteran that was
a preacher
for 45 years at the Assemblies of
God.'No,
these were people that were
just hungry, weren't they? Yeah, and
it's exciting to hear these stories
because you always think, 'Well, I have to
be—well,
I'm not a pastor, I'm not an
evangelist, I can't be used.'He was
using average
Joes. He's going to use
you. You don't have to have a platform;
you don't have to have something huge.
Now, I'm sorry to cut you off, baby,
but I'm just—I have to tell everybody,
it's not somebody that has a huge church.
He's going to use you, ladies and
gentlemen. He's going to use you. You
could just be a stay-at-home mom
that's just doing homework on the
weekdays with their kids
and—'Hey
man, I made dinner for my
family'—but
God's going to use you. He
doesn't
have to look—you don't have to
have a huge church. Most of these people
who
have huge churches, they have egos anyway.
Look at it:
'Think of the movies The Elephant Man or
Mask and you can picture the total
disfigurement of this 25 to 30-year-old man
who came to Azusa Street. He came there on
his own, pathetically dragging his feet,
sickening-looking,
with one eye shooting
up and the other looking down. His mind
was perfectly fine, but he had been
deformed and the condition grew worse
and worse. He had been born deformed and
the condition grew worse and worse. His
mouth and jaw hung below his left breast.
Mother Mangram
made her way over'—this is one of the
people that was there praying over
people—'and
made her way over to him, and
he looked at her with his twisted eyes
and uttered something. "What did you
say?"asked
Mother Mangram. He mumbled, "I came
here to get healed."She said, "Oh, praise
God, you're going to have a great
testimony."He
said, "Okay, I'm
ready."I
love the fact that he came to
Azusa
ready. She slapped hands on him and
held him there as his body danced under
her touch. His face started contorting
and coming back together. His jaw
withdrew into place, his eyes
rotated in their sockets, and his back,
legs, and hands untwisted. I asked how
long it took. She said a very attractive
man stood in front of her in about five
minutes. Praise God! Over two decades of
deformity were made perfect in five
minutes. I never found out his name. He
became a minister after God blessed him
with his healing. I believe this miracle
alone could start an
awakening.'It
just takes one. I'm telling you all,
wait until we
start seeing this stuff. 'Okay, here's
another one. I asked if they
remembered any specific miracles where
God used Brother Seymour, and Sister
Langford's eyes lit up. "I recall
witnessing two of the greatest miracles
where Seymour was powerfully used by
God."I
was all ears. First, she told me about
the man with the wooden leg. Seymour had
approached a man with a wooden leg and
asked, "What did you come here for?"The man
replied, "I want you to pray for my leg;
it's starting to get
gangrene
where the wooden leg
attaches."Seymour
replied, "I'm just upset because you have
the wooden leg on. It would be a
challenge for God to grow a leg out with
a wooden leg still
attached."The
man removed the wooden leg
and stood before Seymour, balancing on
his one good leg. Seymour laid hands on
the man and proclaimed, "Let Thy name be
glorified. In the name of Jesus, I command
this leg to grow out. The gangrene is
gone; you are healed."Seymour didn't
preach that night. The miracle spoke for
itself. Rejoicing was continuous; the
crowd went wild. The man ran up the
platform and around the room on two good
legs. No one could get him to stop
rejoicing and praising
God. Praise God! Next, Sister
Langford
told of the man with no arm. He had
lost his arm ten years earlier through a
work-related accident. The arm had been
totally severed at the shoulder. Brother
Seymour asked the crowd, "Would you like
to see God have a wonderful time here
tonight?"Some
of you may remember that
man's
leg that grew out about
a year ago. Seymour then asked the
one-armed
man, "Can you work with just the one
arm?"The
man answered, "I'm just given the
minimal paying jobs and I can barely
make enough money to even
eat."Seymour
shook his head and responded,
"That's not good. Are you married?""Yes.""Got
kids?""Yes."Seymour
declared, "This man needs to
be able to make a living. This man needs
to work, and he needs to be able to pay
his tithe. Will you tithe if I pray for
you and God gives you your arm
back?"Seymour
asked teasingly. "Yes,"the man
replied. Seymour burst out laughing. "I'm
just having fun."Then he slapped his
hands on the shoulder itself and
commanded the arm to grow out. Almost
instantly, it grew out. The healed man
stood in total shock, then started moving
his new arm and inspecting it with his
other hand, wonder-struck by the miracle. A
few weeks later, the man came back,
bringing about two
hundred
people with him, telling many at the
meeting that he had gotten his old job
back. Many of those that he brought with
him needed healing and left that evening
fully restored as people in the crowd
prayed and laid hands on each of
them.'Okay,
pause. Do you not see that? So
he brought 200 people back, his arm
grew out—everybody saw and knew who this
was, this man whose arm was gone—and 200
people came to
give their hearts to Jesus Christ. It's
the goodness of God that brings men into
repentance. Look at what's going to
happen. There will be a great shaking to
awaken, but in this, there will be a great
harvest of souls. I'm telling you, when we
start seeing things like this, we
won't be able to keep the people
away from church because they're
going to be so hungry. People are broken
out there; they're wanting a touch from
Jesus. And when we start operating
and
walking in these demonstrations and
manifestations of His glory, the people
are going to come in by the
groves. You have one more? 'Yeah,
this
following miracle took healing
out to a brand new level for me. I
guarantee you ask anybody today and
they'd all agree that Down syndrome...
can't be healed. Most people would say
that, but Sister Dundy would tell you
differently if she were here. She prayed
for maybe two dozen of those who were
healed from this disorder, and I was
lucky enough to meet one of them. I don't
remember his name, but he was a little
old man by the time I met him. His face
had all the characteristics of someone
who has Down syndrome, but he acted
completely normal after God touched him
through the prayers of Sister Dundy. He
grew up and became a professor of music
and taught in a California university.
Sister Dundy remembered the day he was
healed. He looked at her and said, "You're
not Jesus."She smiled and the
mother explained to him that he's fine
now. Of course, the mother couldn't talk;
she was shaking her head in disbelief
and crying—her son was just healed of
Down syndrome. The next story surprised
me even more. I still marvel when I think
of it. One day, Sister Dundy found a
horribly disfigured child around five years
old amongst all the people at
Azusa
Street. He had scars all around his head.
His family said that doctors literally
had to piece his face back together
after he fell from a staircase onto a
concrete floor when he was about two
and a
half years old. The side of his face that
took the impact was about one-quarter of an
inch lower than the rest of his head.
Sister Dundy could tell he wasn't
normal mentally either. Her reaction: "Oh,
how marvelous. God gets glory when things
like this happen."The father asked, "Things
like what?""He's going to be
healed,"she
declared. See, by this time they didn't
say, "God will,"they said, "He is
healed."They
had so much confidence that God was
going to heal everyone and everything.
"Let me hold the boy in my lap,"she said
as she sat him down and laid her hand on
his head. Sister Dundy said she could see
and feel her hand moving and shifting as
she was praying. Finally, she took her
hand away and the boy's face was
perfectly normal. He was healed mentally
as well. Now here's the shocker: this
disfigured
child grew up to be a handsome
Hollywood star. His name was Robert
Montgomery. He became an actor on stage
and on screen as well as a director. In
1937, he was nominated for an Academy
Award for best actor for a thriller
called Night Must Fall. His daughter,
Elizabeth Montgomery, starred in the hit
TV show Bewitched in the 1960s. From
grotesque disfigurement to a golden boy
in Hollywood—how's that
for a miracle?'That's
amazing. I don't know if he
ever gave God glory for it, but it's
still amazing. You know, it even shows
there that his daughter was doing a
witchcraft show. I mean, but it wasn't
about that—it's about God's goodness
regardless.
God
is
merciful.
Now, what he did with it is his business,
but God still loves you, and even
whenever you mess up, He isn't holding it
over your head.
It's free
will. You're able to operate and do
whatever you want to do. Do you serve God
because you love Him? Whenever He does
something good for you, are you still
going to love on Him? That man—I don't
know if he did or not—He still did a
creative miracle in his life, but it had
nothing to do with his works.
It
had everything to do
with just God's
goodness. God's goodness is here,
ladies and gentlemen, and I'm telling you,
He saved you by grace through faith. It
wasn't about any works, lest any man
should boast. It has everything to do just with the
fact that
He loves you. Jesus Christ died for
you when we were just sinners.
All of us deserve hell, but He
paid the price for you to not have to go
to hell. He paid the price for
your healing in your body. He took it
all by grace. Everything
we need is at the foot of the cross. He
told me, He said,
'Brandon,
I want you to walk in victory in your
mental, emotional, physical, and financial
life.'Beloved,
I wish above all things that you
prosper and be in health, even as your
soul
prospers. As it is in heaven, so let it be on earth.
He wants it to be heaven on
Earth. Boom! And I'm telling you, where we
are in that time frame, people can focus
on—I
told you all,
it's going to be
like a quarter. You've got a quarter:
the dark's going to be on one side
and the light's going to be on the other.
But it's your choice what side of the
quarter you look at on a day-to-day
basis. Dark's going to get
darker and gross
darkness, it's going to get very dark. But
the light is going to get
brighter and brighter as we keep walking
with Him,
taking the land for Jesus until He comes
and gets us. Occupy until He comes. People
say, 'Are you looking for Him to come back
this Rosh Hashanah?'No, I want to
occupy
until He comes. When He comes back, that's
on Him. Every day I
want to occupy, take the land for
Him, and when He says 'Come up,'then we're
done. But until then, we've got a
war to fight.
But it's never for us to cower
down in
defeat. He paid the price for you to walk
in victory in every area of your life.
Praise God! Spiritually, physically,
financially—everything,
He paid the price.
And it's by grace you receive it.
You didn't earn it, you don't
deserve it, it's by
grace. But we walk out our salvation with
fear and trembling. We seek Him daily and
we don't open the doors for the devil to
come and rob us. We walk by faith
and not by sight. I'm not moved by what I
see, I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm
moved by what the Word of God says. And
anything the Bible says we can
have, we can have it. And it's time to get
excited about it. Expectation brings the
manifestation of what you've been
believing for. And I saw an open door
with great glory shining on the
cracks, and He said, 'Brandon, that door is
going to open. In a 24-hour period,
everything is
going to change.'Watch what God
is about to do. And if you're believing
for
the seeds you've sowed—there's a lot of people
who
say, 'I've sowed and sowed, and I've never seen the
full
manifestation.'I'm
telling you, there will be
decamillionaires
in a matter of just a
24-hour period. There's going to be a
great harvest if you're listening to Him and
you're
not allowing money to
change you—you
don't
have a lust after money.
God can trust you with it.
I don't care that you have it as long
as it doesn't have you.
Money is a tool. And God
wants you to be blessed in the city and in
the field, coming in and going out. But if you
can't handle it, He isn't going to give it
to you. I've seen people—you see
these people that win the lottery
and
they're
broke within a
couple weeks because they don't know how
to handle it and it destroys them.
God doesn't want
that.
If He knows
you can handle it and you're dead to
self
and He can say, 'Hey, listen, I want
you to do this and this with
it,'then
get ready.
He doesn't
mind you having nice things as long as
the nice things don't have you. And I've
seen it. He said
to me many times, 'I don't care if you
have it, son, as long as if I ask you to
give it away, you would do it
immediately.'Now,
if you're here and
today
is
your day
for salvation—we believe today you're
watching this video, it's not by mistake.
I just felt in my heart to lead you
in the sinner's prayer. I believe that
today is your day to come back to Jesus.
Maybe you've
run
away from the Lord.
Jesus has a plan for your life.
I'm going to say a prayer and I want
you to repeat it after me.
Say,
'Father, I'm a
sinner. Write my name in the Lamb's Book
of Life. I'm coming home. Forgive me of my
sins. Thank you, Lord, that You write my
name in there. I believe You're the Son
of God. I believe You died for me and
rose on the third day. I believe that my
sins are washed in Your blood, and I
believe You don't remember them
anymore—that
as far as the east is
from the west, You don't remember any of
it. It's all washed in Your blood.
You've
cast it in the sea of
forgetfulness.'Just
say it with all
your heart. 'I believe You're the Son of
God. Save my soul. I don't
want to go to hell; I want to serve You
for all
eternity.'If
you just said that,
I
believe you're born again. It doesn't have
to be anything weird; it's
just simple.
Find your Bible,
find a church that teaches the Word of
God, get baptized in the Holy Ghost, get
baptized with water, serve,
and just get excited about
being
a Christian. It's fun being a Christian! We
grow, and
there
are
trials, but
we go from glory to glory. He's
faithful. So if you got saved today,
please comment down
below. We'll rejoice with you.
I'm excited for you.
Welcome to the family! Now every
time I say 'Good morning,
family,'I'm
talking to you. You're part of
my family—the family of God. Well, that's all
we have for y'all. I'm going to
close there, but
I felt in my heart just to keep
encouraging you all.
There
are good things
coming.
I don't
want to focus on the dark; I'm trying to focus
on the other side of the quarter. So I hope
this video blessed you today.
Let us pray for
you. Diana and I will pray for you.
Today is your day.
Believe for the now. Now faith
is the substance of things hoped for and
the
evidence of things not seen.
Father, we thank You right now for
the
demonstrations and Your manifestations
of Your glory on every single one of
these people. I stretch forth my hand and
I believe with them right
now—by
Your stripes,
Lord, they are healed. I call them
healed and whole and well in the name of
Jesus. I speak to your bodies:
line up by the Word of God!
From the
top of your head to the soles of your
feet, we call you delivered from all
kinds of symptoms of disease and
mental torments, depression, anxiety, fear,
worry. We take authority over you in the
name of Jesus and we call you healed and
whole.
Father, we thank You
that they are
delivered from
financial bondage. I call them free
in the name of Jesus!
We
speak to their seeds
and we call the harvest in.
We
call forth that money to come forth in
the name of Jesus. Go, ministering spirits,
and cause the money to come forth! We
thank You, Lord, for bringing in the
financial harvest for these people right
now. We call for abundance over their
house.
Father, we thank You for creative
ideas to get wealth. We speak and we
decree a thing: they are blessed
in the city, they are blessed in the
field, they're blessed coming in, they're
blessed going out.
We thank You, Lord, that the increase is
over them. Diana
and I
call them blessed in
their homes, blessed in their
marriages.
We call marriages
restored, we call children home. We
thank You, Lord, for
supernatural—whatever
they're believing
for.
Nothing's too big for
God. He is able to do exceedingly
abundantly above all that we dare ask or
think. Father, I thank You that
You're meeting their needs right now.
We call them healed.
All of
it
is
healed by those stripes that
were put on Your back. And we give You
all the glory, honor, and praise.
Amen. Well, we just want to say
thank you for joining us today.
Like our videos,
subscribe,
click the notification bell. We
appreciate every single one of you. You
are helping get the gospel spread
throughout the whole world. Diana
and I
are
so
grateful
for every single one
of you.
Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you
so much and we love you. We will see
you all again next time. God bless you
all, have a wonderful day, bye-bye.